# Question-Answer Based Method for Text Segregation Based On Aspects

## Introduction

Aspect Based Sentiment Analysis (ABSA) is a technique that takes into consideration the terms related to the aspects and identifies the sentiment associated with each aspect, rather than analysing sentiment at the review level. This approach aims at segregating larger review text into smaller text phrases pertaining to each aspect under consideration. For this purpose, a transformer based Q&A model has been used.

## Folder Contents
1) *LaptopModel.ipynb* contains the main code for generating aspects.<br>
2) *Laptop_SB1_processed_data.csv* contains the SemEval 2016 data for laptops processed from original format into CSV.<br>

In total, 22 aspects were identified:<br>
```
LAPTOP
SUPPORT
DISPLAY
BATTERY
KEYBOARD
COMPANY
SOFTWARE
MOUSE
OS
MULTIMEDIA_DEVICES
GRAPHICS
HARD_DISC
CPU
POWER_SUPPLY
MEMORY
SHIPPING
MOTHERBOARD
HARDWARE
PORTS
OPTICAL_DRIVERS
FANS_COOLING
WARRANTY
```

## JSON and Q&A Model

The Q&A model requires the input to be in a specific JSON format. For this purpose, *getJson()* function is used to appropriately generate this JSON based on the question and the aspects. The structure of the json is as follows:<br>
1) First key is context, which is the review text.<br>
2) Second is an array of JSON objects, namely qas. This contains an array of JSON objects which are the questions.<br>
3) Each question is a JSON object with two fields, first field titled "question" contains the question, and second field titled "id" should be a unique integer in string format.<br>
4) This function will return the appropriate JSON object for each review and updated counter for id. The JSON object will be used as an input to the Q&A model for predictions.<br>

The output generated by the JSON object is also a JSON object. This is handled in *compute()* function. Both *getJson()* and *compute()* functions need to modified based on the input data and the aspects. The generation of resultant CSV also will depend on the aspects.


## References

1) [SemEval 2016 Dataset.](https://alt.qcri.org/semeval2016/task5/)<br>
2) [SimpleTransformer Q&A Model.](https://simpletransformers.ai/docs/qa-model/)


## Author

Rishabh Karwayun.
